Asian-American organizations say the federal government should change Harvards approach to admissions.
    
Waco police reported an incident involving multiple injuries and fatalities at the Twin Peaks restaurant.
    
Nine people were killed Sunday in a shooting among rival bikers in the parking lot of a Twin Peaks restaurant in Waco, Texas.
    
One Marine died Sunday when an MV-22 Osprey experienced a "hard landing mishap" at Bellows Air Force Station in Hawaii.
    
Iraqi security forces pull out from a key military base, the mayor and a security official say.
    
Smoke and the stench of bombs filled the skies over Yemen again Sunday as a five-day humanitarian cease fire ended. Saudi-led coaltion airstrikes resumed in four Aden districts, according to Ali al-Halemi, a security official in Aden, and another official who did not want to be named. There was also confirmation from two activists, Basem Al-Sultan and Abdulaziz al-Shuaibi. All four of those who confirmed the airstrikes were in different districts of Aden.
    
A cybersecurity consultant claims he hacked into airliners computers up to 20 times. 
    
Whats surprising, one scientist says, is how fast the changes are happening.
    
US Rep. Loretta Sanchez would seem the perfect picture of an ethnically diverse Democrat. But a brief gesture caught on a cell phone camera Saturday marred that image and sent her running.
    
A 16-year-old Taiwanese girl has been gored by a bison while posing for a photo in Yellowstone National Park.
    
Nothing like timing.
    
Get a sneak peek at Anthony Bourdains next adventure in New Jersey. CNN Original Series "Anthony Bourdain Parts Unknown" airs Sunday, May 31, at 9pm ET/PT.
    
Janet Jackson took to Twitter to answer any fans who might be asking, "What have you done for me lately?"
    
"Theres no sail; theres no motor."
    
He was an up-and-coming rapper whose life was cut short.
    
"Saturday Night Lives" 40th season went out with a bang, no doubt about it.
    
Comedian Kate McKinnon plays Hillary Clinton as she campaigns for her 2016 presidential run this summer in a "Saturday Night Live" parody.
    
Comedian Norm Macdonald broke down during his last appearance on "Late Show with David Letterman."
    
Opposition to marijuana legalization is rapidly decreasing -- from 60% in the mid-2000s to 44% in 2015. But its still an uphill battle.
    
Caitlin McGuire, owner of BCC, explains how to be a good cannabis club employee. "High Profits" airs Sundays at 10 p.m. ET/PT.
    
Travel is not always comfortable, even when the scenery is at its most beautiful. You look out the window, or you get too close, and the reality of the situation -- the world you will soon be leaving behind -- intrudes.
    
Despite being the fourth largest island in the world, the island of Madagascar appears to be off the radar for many tourists seeking a wildlife adventure.
    
Anthony Bourdain stops for his first meal in Madagascar with vegetarian companion Darren Aronofsky. "Parts Unknown" airs Sundays at 9 p.m. ET/PT.
    

    
Bikini-clad women donning bleached bouffants sizzle under the merciless Spanish sun.
    
NASAs New Horizons spacecraft is the first-ever mission to Pluto. Its due to arrive in July.
    
You can tell a lot about a person from their expressions. Perplexed eyebrows, pursed lips.
    
Laying at the bottom of a skateboard pool in 2011, Lucas Weaver had -- quite literally -- reached rock bottom. He fell while working promotions at a skating competition and tore every ligament in his knee.
    
When David Letterman airs his last show Wednesday night, late-night rival Jimmy Kimmel plans to give him the ultimate tribute.
    
Comedian Kate McKinnon plays Hillary Clinton as she campaigns for her 2016 presidential run this summer in a "Saturday Night Live" parody.
    
After seven seasons, its time to say goodbye to Don Draper.
    
Jennifer Blakeley knows a thing or two about celebrity.
    
The son of a fallen sheriff wanted to purchase his fathers police car at an auction. When he was outbid, someone made a touching gesture. CNN affiliate KMGH reports.
    
NOAA ship Okeanos Explorer uses remote operated vehicles to capture imagery of deep sea wildlife.
    
Surveillance video shows a little girl being dragged by her school bus. Police say the girl suffered road rash but is expected to recover. WAVE reports.
    
See what happens after these moms are hooked up to lie detector tests.
    

    
Jan and Jay Roode capture Africas hidden moments from the seat of their plane.
    

    

    
The opah, or moonfish, a large colourful fish living across the worlds oceans, has been found to have a warm heart and maintain a high body temperature, according to a report in the journal Science. Turns out, its been hiding in plain sight on our dinner plates.
    
Johnny Depp may have been a success as swashbuckling Capt. Jack Sparrow, but any potential smuggling career of his own has hit a large rock in the shape of Australia.
    
An Adelaide snake owner had to take his python for emergency medical treatment after the animal swallowed a set of barbecue tongs that were being used to feed him a rat.
    
A zoo in France is appealing to the public for help to find 17 rare and endangered monkeys that were stolen over the weekend.
    
Police have apprehended 10 suspects for allegedly killing a wild panda and selling its meat in Chinas southwestern province of Yunnan, the countrys state broadcaster reported.
    
Colleges across the country are announcing their commencement speakers: the entertainers, politicians, military leaders, business executives and famous alumni who will be sharing a last few words of wisdom with graduating students.
    
My mom is an old-school Baby Boomer. She likes to color-coordinate her outfits to make sure they match head to toe -- accessories and all. And though I long ago rebelled against this traditional fashion sense, theres no denying that she always looks good, even to my Gen-X eye for mismatched fashion. Back when she was in the thick of her battles against a nearly fatal bout of cancer, Mom refused to leave the house looking defeated.
    
When the wall of snow came roaring down the mountain, 17-year-old Matt Moniz jumped behind a boulder with his climbing partners, unsure whether he would survive.
    
Like many children, Robert Lee was taught never to waste food. But growing up the son of Korean immigrants who struggled to get by, he really took the idea to heart.
    

    

    
The National Transportation Safety Board is tapping FBI experts to investigate whether a mark on the windshield of Amtrak Northeast Regional Train 188 was made by a hurled projectile -- or even a bullet -- before it derailed in Philadelphia last week, killing eight and injuring more than 200.
    
Johnny Depp may have been a success as swashbuckling Capt. Jack Sparrow, but any potential smuggling career of his own has hit a large rock in the shape of Australia.
    

    
A woman says she received a suicidal text message from her husband moments before her Southwest flight took off and the flight crew did not let her call to try to stop him. WTMJ reports.
    
Steven Gerrards emotional Anfield farewell ended in defeat but it mattered little to the capacity 45,000 fans who packed into Liverpools home ground for the 3-1 defeat to visitors Crystal Palace Saturday.
    

    
The Georgia Aquarium welcomes a beluga whale calf. Her mother, Maris, gave birth to her on Mothers Day.
    
There was a time last fall when Creed lead singer Scott Stapp claimed he was "penniless," had taken to living in a Holiday Inn and was convinced his family was involved in ISIS.
    
